Getting Started
To get started with this project, you can clone this repository by running the following command in your terminal:
git clone https://github.com/Chihab9/Toxicity
OR
access open the following link in a browser:
https://github.com/Chihab9/Toxicity

Once you have cloned the repository, you can follow the instructions below to install the required dependencies and run the code.

Prerequisites
To run this project, you will need the following dependencies:

Python (version 3.6 or higher)
pandas (version 1.3.0 or higher)
numpy (version 1.20.3 or higher)
scikit-learn (version 0.24.2 or higher)
rdkit (version 2021.03.2 or higher)

Installing Dependencies
To install the required dependencies, you can use pip, the Python package installer. Run the following command in your terminal to install all the required dependencies:

pip install pandas numpy scikit-learn rdkit

Note: Make sure you have Python and pip installed on your system before running the above command.

Download the dataset from the given links in the notebook and place them in the same directory as the notebook.
Open the Project.ipynb file in Jupyter Notebook or Google Colab.
Follow the instructions and run the cells sequentially to prepare the data, perform feature extraction and dimensionality reduction, and train the models.
The trained model can be used to predict toxicity on new data by calling the predict() function with appropriate inputs.
The submission file can be generated by running the last cell of the notebook.
Note: The notebook includes detailed explanations and code comments to guide you through the process.
  
